 270 meters in closing, Crew Dragon expected to converge with waypoint 1 directly in front of the International Space Station in less than five minutes. You can see the views right over the shoulders of Commander Shane Kimbrough and Pilot Megan MacArthur. Kimbrough on the left, MacArthur on the right from that view. this view from the International Space Station. You can see what we were mentioning earlier where Dragon was below the station. You could see that previously when it had Earth in the background. Now it is almost adjacent or almost in the same orbit as the International Space station as it's making its way to the docking axis at way point one. This maneuver from below the station to in front of the docking port is almost complete, just Just a few minutes away. Getting great views from all around, from the station side, from the Dragon side. The outline of the station you see on the displays inside Crew Dragon is in line with the position of where Dragon is relative to the International Space Station. It's almost at the docking access, about two and a half minutes to go until it converges with waypoint 1. And as a reminder, Dragon is flying autonomously, so they aren't using those display panels to fly Dragon, they're just using them to monitor each step of the away. So the crew is basically just patiently waiting until they dock with the station. Nothing dragging in a better view, a lot more clear now that it's only 240 meters away. You can see the nose cone clearly deployed, extended towards the space-facing side or Rosina's side. They're really good, zoomed in view. And you could almost make out those four bulkhead thrusters on the forward portion of the dragon capsule. There you go. is adjusting the aperture of the station cameras. Dragon SpaceX on the big loop. Approach one and soft capturing extension will begin shortly. Dragon will continue to a waypoint two with the additional lighting assessment occurring at 110 meters as previously noted. For awareness, if sunlight results in the loss of the Dragon Eye Geo filters, Dragon will autonomously retreat back to Waypoint 1, remaining on closed-loop control using the time-of-flight filters. I'll copy. We are in a handover period, so we may have missed a call as we were switching from TDRS satellites. We're looking at about 20 seconds to go until we converge with Waypoint 1. There's going to be an approach burn maneuver using the Draco thrusters. is called approach one, and that'll move drag and from the right in front of the docking axis 220 meters away and start moving in closing in to waypoint two, just 20 meters away from the docking axis. Of course, they'll be monitoring along the way. We did hear the Corps mention that they are going to have a checkpoint to make sure that there isn't too much sunlight on the space station, which will prevent dragon from docking. If that does happen, dragon will autonomously back out and wait until the sunlight has cleared to ensure a good docking with the space station. Because this is all autonomous, it uses some visual cameras to align with the docking port. So it's really important that we don't have that sunlight getting in the way. I'm going to repeat the end of the call. We did have a teacher's handover. Just for awareness following the lighting assessment. If we continue, but sunlight results in a loss of the Dragonite Geofilters, Dragonite will autonomously retreat back to waypoint one, still on closed loop control using the time of flight filters. I'll copy. Okay, we copy it all. Thank you very No problem Shane and for awareness the C2-V2 link reconfiguration has been completed. Copy C2-V2 complete. And they are the core just reiterated that they will be checking to make sure that the sunlight is not in the way of the visual systems between Dragon and the space station. If that does happen, Dragon will autonomously retract and wait until we do get some good of visual views for these systems to dock with each other. That's right. Crew Dragon Resilience actually coming into view a little bit clearer now from the cameras aboard Dragon docked to the Zenith port. That was on the upper portion of the screen. That's right. Now, again, to reiterate, Dragon has passed Waypoint 1, 220 meters in front of the station. Executed a burn maneuver to go ahead and move in, so we're in approach one. And it's heading towards Waypoint 2. Now inside the keep-out sphere, it's currently in the process of extending its soft capturing that will be used to dock to the international docking adapter of the forward port. We're monitoring the visual systems of Dragon. It would execute an automatic retreat if the sun was interfering with the optical systems as it makes its way towards its unapproach. We're at about 150 meters away from the station. We have such a great camera view here. You can really see the detail on Dragon. Again, those four bulkhead thrusters. You can almost read the logo, the Dragon logo on the side of the vehicle. That's right, we'll get even better views as it makes its way even closer to make contact and capture with the space station. There it is. Yeah, based on the trajectory here, We may even anticipate a capture a little bit earlier than anticipating. We were looking at about 2.10 AM Pacific time. It might be at maybe closer to 2.07 PM. of the space station coming into view very clearly. You can see a lot of the detail there. as you mentioned, the crew one dragon. This is my sex station on the big loop. Procedure review complete, ready for docking. Houston copies. That was confirmation from Victor Glover aboard the International Space Station from the space station side. He is go for docking. The soft couch ring itself is fully extended. We're 115 meters in closing. Looking at your screen, the port that we are going to be docking with is directly in the in the middle of the screen, that circular area on the International Space Station. Station Houston on 2 for Ike regarding SSC 17 and D2DM. We are seeing some strange configurations on the video and we would like to close and restart that. We can take care of that from the ground if you would like. Okay, so Victor Glover aboard the station still has. And Dragon SpaceX, soft capture ring extension is complete. Additionally, we did beat the sunlight for the Dragon Eye filters, so we are not going to command a hold. Alright, so that's great news. We passed the 110-meter checkpoint that the ground operators were referencing, Making sure the sun wasn't interfering with the optical sensors, the dragon eye, that are part of the guidance and navigation and control system for Dragon. We passed that check mark, we're good to go, we beat the sun there. So we're now inside 80 meters and closing, Dragon will pause at 20 meters, that's designated as way point two, to conduct a go-no-go poll for the readiness on both the dragon side and the International Space Station side, making sure everyone is good for docking. If we are go, we expect to dock during this pass over an orbital daytime. in less than 20 minutes. Some of the features there, you can see a lot of the visiting vehicles on board station at the bottom is a Russian Soyuz vehicle that delivered crew to the International Space Station. Just in front of that are actually above that is the Crew Dragon resilience dock to the Zenith port. Once Crew Dragon Endeavour arrives, there will be two crew dragons attached to the space station. And this view from Crew Dragon looking at the International Space Station, it looks like it's this very slow and steady movement, but in reality they're moving at 17,500 miles per hour. The rendezvous operations are absolutely incredible. You can sort of see the Northrop Grumman Cygnus cargo craft as well, some of the ultra flex solar arrays coming into view a little bit clearly. Again, you can see that crew one dragon vehicle on the top of your screen. Once crew two docks to the International Space Station, we will have two crew dragons docked at the same time, for the first time. That view right there was a representation truly of an international cooperation there. The U.S. built node two is where the dragon will be docking today. It was flanked by the European Columbus module and the Japanese gem. I think we're never on the big move by this down. Space X copies. Visors are down. We may enter into a hold at way point two. We are still awaiting ground go for final approach. Never copies. The detail of this camera view is pretty incredible here from the International Space Station crew dragon as it is slowly approaching and as expected dragon holding at way That's at about 20 meters right in front of the docking axis. just now joining us. We are just waiting for a confirmation for go for docking. Currently holding Dragon at waypoint two. And again, it looks like Dragon has just paused and not even moving, but again, as we just mentioned, both the space station and Crew Dragon are actually moving at approximately 17,500 miles per hour. So it's pretty incredible how it can hold these speeds so that it looks like they are just completely paused. That's right. Team is on the ground, both from the station side in Mission Control Houston and Mission Control Hawthorne. Just checking and verifying all systems are go to proceed with docking. And when we do begin docking, there will be two portions of this. There will be a soft capture followed by a hard capture. The soft capture will be a soft capture ring that basically just connects the crew dragon to the space station to enable the hard capture, which will be 12 hooks that will attach, drag into the station. Again, we're standing by the International Space Station, flying over the Indian Ocean now just south of the Indian border. Setting on a southeasterly course just south of Australia and should cross over the terminator line into the Pacific Ocean into an orbital night time. The expectation is for dragon to depart here from waypoint 2 and proceed on with docking ahead of orbital night time to beat the sun. this camera moving around again this is controlled from the ground from mission control Houston they're maneuvering this camera around so we can just get a more detailed view of the crew to dragon endeavor patiently waiting docking to the international space space station dragon on his second flight about to dock to the forward end of the international space station for the second time. Station and endeavor on the big group, Ike we are not able to recover that video for the D2DM so you can close that window and we should be ready to press into final approach shortly. Station copies. You did hear that call-out speak out to Ike. Ike is actually referring to Victor Glover, that is just his nickname. Dragon SpaceX on the big loop, ground is now go for final approach. confirmation of crew readiness for final approach, we will enable the approach. Please confirm crew readiness and a reminder once Dragon is inside the crew hands off point, retreat and and break out are no longer permitted. Who is ready for follow-up for it? And got some good words that the crew is ready for the docking to the International Space station. They no longer will have control of any aborts. If there is an abort needed, it will have to be done by the Dragon Autonomous Unit. and on the big loop, monitor per steps three and four and 1.104. Again, we are now moving into the CHOP, which is the crew hands-off point, as I was mentioning earlier. If there is an abort, it will need to be done autonomously by Dragon. All right, we did get confirmation. Approach two has been initiated. So Dragon now making its way inside the 20-meter hold point at about 18 meters and closing. Final approach of endeavor to dock with the International Space Station has started. talking expected in about three and a half minutes from now. And you can see on your screen as Crew Dragon slowly approaches towards that port for docking. Sorry, we're 13 meters and closing, making a slow and methodical approach to the docking port that's on the forward end of the International Space Station, that international docking adapter where crew dragon endeavor has docked once before ten meters copy ten meters And what that call out was is Crew Dragon is just 10 meters away from the International Space Station as it continues its approach for docking. Again, docking will occur in two phases, though there will be a soft capture, followed by a hard capture, and what that hard capture means is 12 physical hooks will connect the Dragon to the space station. Great views Dragon just six meters away as the station and Dragon fly in tandem 263 statute miles over the South Indian Ocean in the background. Five meters. We're five meters and closing. Copy five meters. We'll start to see the detail on Dragon there as it is closing in on docking. That's right, two and a half meters, 30 seconds. Crew hands off point. Let's call it out. We're going to have to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to go back to the ground and we're going to wait for it to The station and Dragon connected 264 statute miles over the South Indian Ocean and ever connected to International Space Station for the second time. There are still a few steps to complete before Dragon is securely attached. Dragon SpaceX on the big loop,